---
title: Is Colombia a place worth knowing?
date: '2019-04-26'
creator: 'Javier Esteban Puentes'
spoiler: For several years’ people have wondered if Colombia is a good place to visit, what makes Colombia an attractive place for a tourist, and how many things you can enjoy this country.  
---


For several years’ people have wondered if Colombia is a good place to visit, what makes Colombia an attractive place for a tourist, and how many things you can enjoy this country.
  
Colombia is a sovereign country, a very pleasant country visually, being warm and harmonious for who visits it, this country contains abundance in resources and different animal species, as its main product the coffee, Colombia is a showy country, in which they will be able to find different things to do, it’s too peculiar customs and its way of realizing the different activities, so that the tourist can interact too much with each thing that the country offers. Their passion and love for developing each activity make Colombia stand out among the different countries in the world. Many people want to come to visit Colombia and many times even decide to stay to live in this country, thanking the opportunity to expand their customs and learn more about it. Colombia is a country a great history, resources, mysteries, flora and fauna. But when we talk about the history of Colombia, not everything is usually good, Colombia is remembered by different eras and characters that were marking its history, such as for example when we talk about Pablo Emilio Escobar, perhaps the greatest drug trafficker at that time, remembered by many as the patron of evil, but by others as a person with a good soul, a noble heart, which helped them on many occasions to get out of poverty to different families, a man who perhaps thought a lot about the people but made bad decisions when applying the power he had. But not everything in Colombia is summed up in the history of Paul.

In addition to the countless murders carried out at that time, Colombia managed to take a step and move forward, get up and try to change this situation.

Currently Colombia has different tourist places too nice to come on vacation with his family or acquaintances, as for example you can find places like: Tayrona National Natural Park, Lost City, Gold Museum, Salt Cathedral, Rosario Coral Islands, San Andres Island, Monserrate, San Felipe Castle, Nevados, Coffee Park, Botero Museum, Guatavita Lagoon, Bogota Botanical Garden, among many more, places where you can go, know, get informed, appreciate the biodiversity they have, and learn about the culture of Colombia, as well as appreciate the different wonders of this country, a country rich in every aspect, but perhaps does not know how to take full advantage of it, in addition to have the world second place in biodiversity in the world and third place worldwide in variety of live animal species and the first in birds and amphibians. Colombia is a country too curious to visit, due to its expressions, perfect combinations at food level, with different flavors to experience, homemade remedies that only the grandmothers of this country will be able to present you, the different micro-enterprises, street clowns, and the particularity of their means of transport, for these reasons and many more Colombia is the best place to know. 


To continue, it is worth noting that Colombia is a country that connects with some others, serving in a great way for the export and import of resources and tools, generating benefits for it. As discussed in previous paragraphs what makes Colombia a charming and beautiful country before the eyes of any person, are their customs, then highlight some of them.

As mentioned at the beginning of the article, Colombia is a country that produces a product in a representative way, this is coffee. A product that predominates in each region, wherever the tourist goes, someone will always appear offering this product, whether it is a pack of coffee, a red, or simple cup, but there will always be a person taking this product, something that can not miss in Colombia. In addition, the people of this country are known for being cheerful people, with a smile always on their faces, but it should be noted that the inhabitants will always have something to celebrate, in their mind the rumba is paramount, the dance, the recocha, and their eagerness to live life, in a rampant way and enjoy their day to day always take them to a party, clearly some celebrate more than others, but surely the celebration will never be lacking.

One of the representative meals in Colombia is the arepa, another product that will never be lacking in a table, the arepa is consumed at all hours of the day and always enjoyed, the Colombians love the arepa, although their preparation changes due to the different zones of the country will always be eaten at any time of the day. The most recognized for their preparation are paisas, even though the arepa they prepare is a simple product but you can always accompany a good meal. Others known for the preparation of this product is the coast, in that area to prepare the famous egg arepa obtaining a perfect mix and an unconditional flavor for those who try it, and finally we find the Santander people who are made with yellow corn, between many more these are the ones that stand out the most.

Another of the customs that stand out in the celebration of special dates such as Christmas, December is a month to spend as a family, decorate, be happy and give things, the lighting this month is incredible, each house with its Christmas lights and its manager, in addition to sharing, dancing, and enjoying this month all in harmony, in this month the essential food is the custard and the fritters, in addition to the different songs that are heard in this month, called carols being exclusive of the month of December.

Another thing that there is to do in Colombia are the famous departures, pot rides, and group outings to different places or farms in Colombia, see how people enjoy the fact of going to a pool or a river and how they share with each other, it has no price. Likewise, the idea of all these customs will always be to share and have fun with the people we love.

Another of the things that mark Colombia is the day of candles, where all the people illuminate their homes and streets of Colombia by means of candles, a day to spend it as a family and appreciate this lighting that stops working several times, in many Sometimes it is necessary to remember and bring back old moments to be happy again. Although countries evolve more everyday people forget the fact that they were happy with so little, this makes Colombia different.

And finally one of the most attractive and representative musical genres in Colombia, vallenato, there is no person in Colombia who does not listen to vallenato, we all enjoy and dance to the rhythm of this, a musical genre with joy, feeling, and that will always make you relive those moments that made you happy.

To finish despite the difficulties that are sometimes found in Colombia, people know how to live, enjoy, fight, and get ahead every day, Colombia is not a perfect country but every day you learn something new, people, who strive to get everything and love what they do, for this and much more Colombia is an ideal place to visit.
